Clipboard Connect Plugin (#52)
IntellectualSites/documentation: README.md

You can use GitHub's markdown preview to review your changes before submitting.

> This repository is separated in four folders representing the three plugins:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is separated in different folders representing the plugins we host:
```
